I have designed the colorful and daring look
at the same time elegant wants to know how
it does
we prepare the skin with cream for the
eye contour and prebase we cover with
concealer dark circles and any other
imperfection we apply it by touching
soft with your finger we give a thin layer
of fluid base hd and we fix everything except
the mobile eyelid with translucent powders
we create the structure of our
makeup with cream colors and
pencils i used white blue clarito
dark blue and green doing this the
colors are more intense and last longer
I should have applied some cream
purple but I could not buy it
advice if you usually stain the skin when
apply shadow use a brush like
this to avoid it we started to apply
a dark blue shadow to mark the ub
and the gradients out mixing
with light blue
preferably using matte shadows
in the lower body area
we degrade into the eye of
blue to green and from green to golden and
white in the lacrimal as in the
lower eyelid we degrade the basin
from the eye or banana towards green in the
mobile eyelid we will apply gold on the
inner part a neutral tone something
pink and very bright in the center and a
matt purple in the interior area of ​​the ub
always degrading well so you do not
there are cuts we apply black eyeliner and
we also make the line black
of the water we pray the eyelashes and add
a piece of false eyelashes we apply
eyelash mask advice used
'hung up' and jon to avoid being
accumulate the product and get some
perfect lashes we combed fill and
We shape our eyebrows to
enhance the look we give a touch of
illuminator at the height point of the
eyebrow also illuminate cheekbones front
chin and nose with torne masters with
dark powders according to the type of face and
we apply a pink blusher we profile
the lips
and we make them up with a pink tone
natural darkens the outline of the
lip with pink shadow something darker and
we give a touch of gold in the center
of the lip to add volume and ready
you dare to try it at home